Small update to nanopore AMR tutorial (#2180)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/metagenomics/tutorials/plasmid-metagenomics-nanopore/tutorial.md

It simply concatenates pieces of read sequences to generate the final sequences.
The optimal case would be to recreate a complete chromosome or plasmid.
Thus the per-base error rate is similar to the raw input reads.

> ![Pairwise alignment](../../images/plasmid-metagenomics-nanopore/Miniasm.png "Sequencing and Assembly Schematic. A longer sequence is sequenced in many smaller, overlapping fragments. These are aligned and reconstructed during assembly to produce the best guess assembly.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Pairwise alignment](../../images/plasmid-metagenomics-nanopore/Miniasm.png "Sequencing and Assembly Schematic. A longer sequence is constructed from many smaller, overlapping fragments. These are aligned and reconstructed during assembly to produce the best guess assembly.")
```
